DA 26-963
Released:  September 10, 2026
fcc to recognize winners of 2026 Chairman’s Awards
for Advancement in Accessibility
The Federal Communications Commission (FCC or Commission) announces details for the Chairman’s Awards for Advancement in Accessibility (Chairman’s AAA) ceremony and an event celebrating the 16th anniversary of the Twenty-First Century Communications and Video Accessibility Act (CVAA).  The celebration will take place on Thursday, October 8, 2026, from 1:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m. Eastern time in the Commission Meeting Room at FCC Headquarters, 45 L Street NE, Washington, DC.  The event is open to the public, and registration is not required.
This year’s Chairman’s AAA will honor individuals who have made lasting and impactful contributions to the advancement of accessible communications technologies and services.  In addition to the Chairman’s AAA, the event will feature the release of the 2026 CVAA Biennial Report to Congress, and panel discussions on emerging and AI-driven technologies for accessibility and the Commission’s continued support of advancements in accessibility.
The event will be live streamed with open captioning at https://www.fcc.gov/live.  The meeting site is fully accessible to individuals using wheelchairs or other mobility devices.  Sign language interpreters, open captioning, and assistive listening devices will be provided on site.  Other reasonable accommodations for people with disabilities are available upon request.  Please include a description of the accommodation you will need and your contact information if more details are required.  Make your request as early as possible; last-minute requests will be accepted but may not be possible to fulfill.  Send an e-mail to FCC504@fcc.gov or call the Consumer and Governmental Affairs Bureau at 202-418-0530 (voice).
General information about the CVAA and accessibility requirements under sections 255, 716, and 718 of the Communications Act of 1934 can be found at https://www.fcc.gov/cvaa.  Additional information about the October 8th event, including the event agenda and a list of panelists, will be available at https://www.fcc.gov/news-events/events/2026/10/2026-cvaa-and-aaa-celebration.  For general information about the Chairman’s AAA, including prior winners, please visit https://www.fcc.gov/FCCAAA or send an email to FCCAAA@fcc.gov.  If you have questions about the October 8th event, please contact Ike Ofobike, Attorney Advisor, Disability Rights Office, at Ike.Ofobike@fcc.gov.
– FCC –
